[Music]
Hey and welcome to the first episode of
demystifying digital with Russ and Sam
hey Sam how are you today
hey guys hey Russ how's it going man
yeah really really good how are you all
good my friend excited to jump into the
first episode excellent excellent
okay so here's one which so what we're
doing every week is we're creating an
analogy or you are today Sam create your
analogy based on a digital marketing
concept which can be hard to explain now
this one for me is kind of close to my
heart because I've been doing this
LinkedIn thing for quite a few months
I'm especially growing it much more
proactively and when I tell family
friends I feel a bit awkward telling
them about growing a personal brand on
LinkedIn because it's kind of hard to
explain so how would you explain that in
an hour in an analogy Sam yeah sure so
let's try and keep this as simple as we
can so even your grandma grandpa would
understand it so a lot of us go to the
gym and we've got this idea in our head
you want to get super fit I want to get
lean when I get ripped you want to get
six-pack or want to get really muscular
and strong or we're doing it for some
kind of reason and but if you think
about it if you sign up you pay your
membership 30 pounds $50 whatever is a
month if you go just once a month or
once every six months you're not really
gonna see any gains you're not going to
see any benefit you're not gonna you're
not going to actually make progress
however if you start going a few times a
week if you start ramping up you go
three times you go four times you go
five times a week you start to be
consistent and the days you going you
start working different parts of your
body so you might train your legs your
arms your chest yeah your biceps and
you're doing all these different
exercises exactly get your guns up and
then over time you'll start to see
results because you're putting the
consistent work you're getting it every
week and you're making the games and
social branding personal branding on
LinkedIn as much the same so if you just
do one post every month you're not gonna
see a lot of results you're not gonna
see a lot of engagement you're not
really going to see anything happen
whereas if you put in a consistent
you start creating great valuable
content it could be posting a story
about something that's happened to you
lately it could be talking about your
industry so distrusting is what we do
talking about that how you've helped
people could be doing videos like we're
doing now
so put at least one post every single
day that's going to be something
interesting something useful for your
audience start engaging other people's
posts so putting interesting comments
there insightful start sending tailored
messages to people so do all these
social touches engagements over time
you're going to get more views to your
profile people are going to learn about
you people gonna connect connect with
you and over the time then you'll start
to get inbound and query so starts
getting more known and you start to
build up your network so working out
going to the gym is much like building a
brand on LinkedIn as long as you're
consistent you keep at it and you put in
the work how do you say I think like
discipline you have to be like useful to
be hitting the gym like that
consistently like those are those two
things I mean if you think about it like
I like what you're sitting in around you
know if you go once a month honestly
even if you go once a week to the gym
I'm not gonna do max plus a week maybe
three times a week okay then people
start getting used to seeing you in
their fee and they'll start getting used
to the types of messages that you're
putting out there they're constantly
putting out I think that's kind of the
sweet spot just like me keeping fit
three times a week I like that branding
as well yeah this also the variety so
it's like if you go to the gym and
you're only trained arms then yeah
you're gonna have huge arms but your
body's gonna look at the bit out of
proportion and I kind of think if you if
you on LinkedIn you're constantly
showing blogs or your content sharing
only videos or image posts then yes okay
but over time people probably gonna get
a bit bored of the same type of content
so if you mix it up you're probably a
better result so if you do like one
video post a week a couple texts place a
couple image post people get to see you
all side of you they also trust you a
bit more cuz they actually know what you
look like what you're talking about all
these different things and it's just
gonna help you a little bit more I'd say
love it love it great analogy saying
awesome that's they mr. pine Digital
episode one love your work thanks Sam
just go I see you next week